{"framing":"The quarterly architecture decision process evaluates six evidence sources—classical baseline, dense-retrieval result, zero-shot benchmark, hybrid routing study, engineering cost study, and reranking economics note—to produce a self-contained artifact that directly enables downstream action without intermediate translation, with all claims traceable to exact source pack keys via string match.","components":"The architecture decision includes a decision lever mapping for sensitivity, defined as the theme whose confidence would shift most when a given decision lever is adjusted; each lever maps to one of five themes: retrieval accuracy, latency budget, cost efficiency, scalability, and user experience. The decision structure specifies that routing decisions must be made at 100ms latency threshold with 95% confidence from dense-retrieval results, and reranking must operate on a per-document basis with maximum 200ms response time. Engineering cost constraints require no more than 30% of total compute budget to be allocated to reranking; hybrid routing is enabled only when both dense retrieval and zero-shot performance exceed their respective thresholds of 85% and 70%. All decisions are subject to a 48-hour review cadence with owners explicitly named: retrieval accuracy—Lead Engineer, latency budget—Platform Architect, cost efficiency—Cost Analyst, scalability—SRE Lead, user experience—UX Director. Negative space includes no consideration of edge cases beyond the defined thresholds or off-peak load scenarios; decisions do not extend to model selection or training pipelines.","specificity_notes":"All numeric values are bounded and explicitly stated: latency at 100ms, response time capped at 200ms, compute budget limit set at 30%, performance thresholds at 85% for dense retrieval and 70% for zero-shot. The sensitivity sub-object uses only the themes listed above; no theme is shared across multiple levers or used as a fallback. Field names are closed-vocabulary: decision lever, theme, confidence value, support key, boundary condition, and escalation path. All units in derived tables are labeled: milliseconds for time, percent for ratios, percentage of compute budget for cost allocation.","acceptance_checks":"Each claim must be traceable to one of the six source pack items via exact string match; any gap or ambiguity must be explicitly marked with a discovery item rather than assumed. The total confidence across all themes must sum exactly to 100% when aggregated, and any deviation triggers a hard error. A decision is only accepted if it includes an escalation path naming the deciding role, required information, and timeframe—no decisions are valid without this. Downstream consumers must sign off on components related to their domain: retrieval accuracy, latency budget, cost efficiency, scalability, and user experience; no section may be skipped or merged. The artifact is idempotent: re-running the process with identical inputs produces identical output, with all steps that skip on re-run explicitly justified. Any input not classified as one of the six source pack items must trigger a diagnostic failure naming the invalid input."}