{"timeline":"Telemetry data from Q1 shows a 34% drop-off at step 3 (timestamp: 2024-03-15) with no corresponding change in user engagement metrics; moderated sessions (N=12, 3 personas) report that new users abandon the editor after seeing the 'quick start' modal, which was introduced on 2024-02-01. A known double-count defect exists in step 4 telemetry, ruled out via cross-validation with survey responses (n=340, skewed toward early adopters) and competitive scan of 5 adjacent products showing similar drop-offs at equivalent stages. The survey reveals that 68% of users reported confusion about navigation after the modal, but this is not traceable to a specific design decision. Coincident events such as server outages (2024-03-17) were ruled out by telemetry logs showing stable performance during peak onboarding hours. All evidence is labeled separately: observed behavior, participant verbatims, facilitator interpretation.","causal_chain":"The 'quick start' modal introduced on 2024-02-01 (evidence: design doc D-237) caused a drop-off at step 3; this is falsifiable by showing that users who skipped the modal had no increased drop-off. The missing alert is a real-time notification to flag modals with >60% user confusion, which was not triggered during testing. A prior version of the modal (pre-2024-02-01) showed 38% completion at step 3, indicating that the change introduced the drop-off. The causal chain ends here because no evidence links the modal to downstream behavior changes beyond step 3.","blast_radius":"The issue affects all new users in the onboarding funnel from step 3 onward; it is not isolated to specific user segments or device types. The double-count defect in telemetry at step 4 does not alter this scope, as cross-validation with survey and competitive data confirms consistency across platforms. No evidence shows that the problem extends beyond the editor's initial setup phase.","remediation":"Immediate fix: remove the 'quick start' modal from onboarding flow (owner: UX Lead, priority: P0) and verify drop-off at step 3 returns to pre-2024-02-01 levels by comparing telemetry from Q1 vs. Q2; verification must occur within 7 days and under conditions of high user volume. Systemic prevention: implement a new design review protocol requiring confusion metrics (defined as >60% users stating 'I didn't understand what to do') before any modal launch, with an alert threshold at 50% in moderated sessions. Verification at two timescales: immediate post-fix drop-off rate and sustained performance over 30 days of live usage. Residual risk: potential for user frustration if the modal is replaced by a different onboarding element; follow-up diagnostics not yet run to assess alternative flows. This analysis deliberately excludes server-side performance issues, competitive feature parity, or third-party integrations as root causes because no evidence links them to drop-off patterns."}