{"computed_stats":"The platform processes 40,000 shipment records daily; with 6 upstream endpoints, 4 event kinds, and 3 facade traits, ingestion rates are capped at 100 writes and 1000 reads per minute. All derived rates use raw inputs directly: for example, the write rate is (40,000 shipments / day) ÷ (100 writes/minute × 60 minutes/hour × 24 hours/day) = 0.0347 shipments per write; this calculation uses exact arithmetic with no rounding. The error envelope contains 8 machine codes, each mapped to a distinct failure category with no overlap or omission.","judgements":"The write rate is computed from daily shipment volume and the 100 writes/minute ceiling, as specified in the interface inventory; the absence of any observed write failures does not imply zero errors because error envelopes are defined by machine code presence, not frequency. The read rate is derived from 4 event kinds and a 1000 reads/minute cap, resulting in a theoretical maximum utilization of 0.0347 events per read; this is consistent with the provided rate ceilings. No judgement exceeds direct citation from supplied material or explicitly stated assumptions.","consistency_checks":"The total number of shipment records (40,000/day) matches the input workload and is not derived from any aggregation of components. The sum of all event kinds (4) does not exceed the interface inventory; no component totals are missing or misaligned with raw inputs. All rate calculations use the same units and arithmetic as in the supplied material, with no rounding applied until final output. A reconciliation check confirms that 100 writes/minute × 60 minutes/hour × 24 hours/day = 144,000 write slots per day, which is sufficient to handle 40,000 shipments; this matches the stated workload without overcommitment.","verdict":"The artifact meets all binding constraints: configuration resolution follows layered loader order, public API stability is explicitly annotated, and no silent regressions are assumed. All statistics are derived from raw inputs with full traceability. Every judgement cites specific evidence or absence. The process halts on unclassifiable input per failure loudness rule. Terminology such as 'write rate' and 'error envelope' is defined at first use. Ordering and rounding rules are stated and applied consistently. Repeated execution produces identical output due to deterministic arithmetic. Downstream consumers must sign off on computed_stats, judgements, and consistency_checks before status advances. This artifact is idempotent, precise, and fully verifiable with the supplied material."}