{"timeline":"At 08:15 UTC, firmware variant B-3 on station 7 reported inconsistent tide-stage values during a ten-minute window; this was confirmed by diagnostic test D4 which detected a 2.3σ deviation from expected tidal patterns. At 09:02 UTC, the cluster scheduler update introduced a new resource allocation policy that prioritized high-throughput tasks over low-latency ones, coincident with the first data drop observed in station 18's telemetry. Diagnostic test C2 showed no anomalies during pre-update operations and was ruled out as a cause. At 10:45 UTC, MPI runtime version 3.2.1 began logging memory leaks under load, but this was not correlated to any field-station data failure; the issue was isolated to internal simulation runs. All other diagnostic tests, including A1 through E6, were run in parallel and returned normal results with no evidence of correlation between changes and failures.","causal_chain":"The firmware variant B-3 on station 7 introduced a misaligned tide-stage mapping that failed to validate against the six-value tide-stage table; this failure was detected by property-based test D4 at 08:15 UTC. The cluster scheduler update, implemented at 09:02 UTC, did not directly cause data loss but created a resource bottleneck that allowed unflagged memory spikes from MPI runtime version 3.2.1 to propagate through the pipeline; this chain is falsifiable because if test C2 had shown anomalies during pre-update operations, it would have revealed the scheduler change as a root cause.","blast_radius":"The failure affected only stations with firmware variant B-3 and those using the legacy tide-stage naming scheme, specifically station 7 and five others in the coastal cluster; no data from inland or non-B-3 stations showed anomalies. The blast radius is bounded by the presence of three field-naming schemes and two unit systems, where only one scheme (tide-stage) was misaligned due to firmware variant B-3.","remediation":"Immediate fix: revert firmware variant B-3 on station 7 and all associated stations to version A-1 with a priority of P0; verification requires reprocessing the last 48 hours using test D4, confirming no deviations in tide-stage values. Systemic prevention: implement mandatory schema validation at pipeline entry points that cross-check field names against a canonical mapping table; ownership is assigned to the data engineering lead by 24 hours. Verification under load conditions must be completed within 72 hours. Residual risk remains for stations using legacy naming schemes, and follow-up diagnostics on MPI runtime memory usage are not yet run. Cleaning rules remain flag-not-delete: suspect values are marked with quality flags, connector spikes corrected via rolling median, storm events preserved. This analysis excludes the impact of weather anomalies or external sensor drift as potential causes; such factors were ruled out by test A1 and B5."}